map-mym/descent.sol        map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/descent.jpg        png/fire.png         4000   0 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/descent.sol	   map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/descent.jpg        png/fire.png         4000  15 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/glass_tower.sol    map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/glass_tower.jpg    png/ocean.png       10000  90 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/scrambling.sol     map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/scrambling.jpg     png/green_blue.png   8000  95 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/trust.sol          map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/trust.jpg          png/deep_blue.png    9000 100 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/maze1.sol          map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/maze1.jpg          png/horiz_one.png   24000  40 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/turn.sol	   map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/turn.jpg	          png/ocean.png       10000 100 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/loop1.sol	   map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/loop1.jpg          png/tropic.png       3000  60 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/free_fall.sol      map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/free_fall.jpg      png/green_blue.png   7000  60 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/earth_quake.sol    map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/earth_quake.jpg    png/skyline.png      6000  70 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/drive1.sol         map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/drive1.jpg         png/fire_white.png   3000  20 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/maze2.sol          map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/maze2.jpg          png/horiz_one.png   24000  80 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/up.sol		   map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/up.jpg	          png/pastel.png       3000 160 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/circuit2.sol       map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/circuit2.jpg       png/colorful.png     6000 100 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/comeback.sol       map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/comeback.jpg       png/france.png      12000  40 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/maze3.sol          map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/maze3.jpg          png/horiz_one.png   15000  50 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/assault_course.sol map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/assault_course.jpg png/green_blue.png  12000 100 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/narrow.sol         map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/narrow.jpg         png/blues.png        6000  90 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/loop2.sol          map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/loop2.jpg          png/green_blue.png   7000  80 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/drive2.sol         map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/drive2.jpg         png/fire_white.png   6000  55 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/running.sol        map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/running.jpg        png/pastel.png      59900 144 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/circuit1.sol       map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/circuit1.jpg       png/colorful.png     9000  48 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/bombman.sol        map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/bombman.jpg        png/greys_blues.png 12000  80 bgm/haze.ogg
map-mym/climb.sol          map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/climb.jpg          png/fire_white.png  12000 100 bgm/flood.ogg
map-mym/dance.sol          map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/dance.jpg          png/pastel.png       9000  50 bgm/snow.ogg
map-mym/hard.sol           map-back/blank.sol shot-mym/hard.jpg           png/colorful.png     9000 100 bgm/haze.ogg
